i'm jimmy i'm the host of the show thank
you for watching
thank you for joining us on
what was i have to admit one of one of
the least productive days that we've
had here at our office in quite some
time because mike
lindell the my pillow guy with whom i am
obsessed launched his new website and is
now
about a third of the way through a
48-hour
live yelathon he's planning to broadcast
live
for 48 hours straight on his new social
media site
frankspeach.com and you know a lot of
people said the ceo of a pillow company
couldn't successfully launch a
major social media site and those people
were 100
correct it is really i highly
recommend it it is quite a spectacle if
you're high i recommend it it's a
it's like it's like the jerry lewis
telethon if jerry was on
a public access channel and crack it's
fighter production phones are ringing
there are crank calls pouring in
the lights went out he kept ranting and
raving about the same things over and
over again
machines vaccines and me i said
uh we're not going to let you use the n
where the c where the f word
or use god's name in vain and you know
what right away jimmy krim
by the way jimmy kimball grabbed that
mock me
and then he mocked me by being a crack
addict anyway it's horrific
jimmy kimball gets on tv and says makes
a joke out of this
launch he goes back to my drug deals
says it's a wonder i have any teeth left
you know jimmy kimmel bashed me the
other night he says you know this
ex-crack addict you know it's a wonder
he has teeth
you know he bashed i talked about my
crack addiction made fun of that
and basically slamming addiction and
shaming people
and you know shaming the american dream
jimmy kimmel
jimmy kimball went on tv and had a
connection he goes can you believe
mike lindell is coming up we don't even
know why he's doing that he should stick
to pillows and then he says
oh mike's platform you can't use god's
human being and nobody laughed in his
audience
jimmy your jokes aren't funny anymore
because you know what people
have common sense now and i'm sorry
jimmy kimmel you won't you you won't get
to use god's name in vain
i'm praying for jimmy kimball and you
know what i'd go on your show jimmy and
all you late night hosts that sit here
and mock people and mock
things and and uh he's right
well thanks for all the shout outs um
he really hears from me do you think
he's really praying for me
like like honestly you think
when he said his prayers before bed he
actually named me
guillermo what do you think i don't
think you don't think so i don't know
maybe he did
what michael lindell doesn't seem to
understand is i'm his biggest fan
i don't i have no idea what he's doing
but i love it i am
enjoying it of course i would have him
on our show
under two conditions number one he has
to actually come in
to our studio i need to see him in
person i want us i want to smell the
knock wurst in his mustache and
number two i would like to conduct our
interview in a bed
uh surrounded by pillows there's me and
mike
snuggled up side by side in a california
king
surrounded by sacks of goose feathers
the way he seems reasonable right he's
gonna need a break
he's been going nonstop since seven
o'clock this morning in 17 hours he's
taken maybe two breaths
at one point he claimed they had 75
million people watching
even trump was like oh please quit
exaggerating
but the fact that anyone watching
besides me of course is a miracle this
is
this is supposed to be the big sign up
day but when you went to the sign up
page
this is what you got at error 502
but once they did finally get going mike
lindell blamed the technical
difficulties
on enemies both foreign and domestic
we're under the biggest attack in
history we're getting
i'm getting death threats and everything
else frank's speech
we can't come in they're trying to turn
our power off they're attacking our
power grid here
i have been attacked our country has
been attacked everyone out there has
been attacked these are the kind of
attacks we're getting everybody
they're even trying to attack the phones
everybody we were attacked by every
country
part of this attack on our country
they're attacking my country company
right now frank speech was attacked they
attacked frank's speech they've attacked
frank that was the biggest attack they
attacked us they're attacking us they're
attacking us they're attacking us they
attacked us
we were attack huge attack they attacked
now they attacked the attack the attempt
is going to be the biggest attack ever
how is he going to do this for 30 more
hours
i hope he has a doctor on set i looked
up some of the long-term effects
of using crack cocaine uh crack cocaine
abuse may cause the following mental or
emotional problems
aggression extreme depression delirium
hallucinations irritability mood
disturbances panic attacks paranoia
psychosis and launching your own social
media site
but and i don't know it seems
i'm not a doctor but mike lindell
is not going to be able to do this alone
this is a huge
undertaking but fortunately he has a lot
of very high profile celebrity friends
we have ted nugent coming on ted you're
there
i got you mike uh happy spring time to
you and thank you for being on the front
lines for freedom we salute you
my great friend ben carson here ben
thanks for coming on
hey mike i'm so glad to be here with you
hey graeme hold on here we got scott
bale my good friend scott are you there
mike how you doing my friend hello
everyone
well we have the president here our real
president everyone
hello mr president macron show.com
[Applause]
you see what they're doing they're
attacking us and more attacks they're
attacking
poor guy he's so excited hopefully the
real trump will call in
hopefully it doesn't fake trumps will
call in and then the real trump will
call in
and by the way if you get through to
mike lindell and he thinks he has donald
trump on the line
go with it don't just scream your
website out milk it
you set the hook reel him in anyway so
uh i want to thank mike lindell for
providing us with a
lot of new stuff and wish him the best
of luck with
delusia palooza and he is welcome on our
show
provided he meets both of my conditions
right that's right jimmy all right well
hey while we're on the subject of things
that are filled with drugs this was an
unusual bust by the tsa in houston a
traveler was stopped at the airport
with a suspicious burrito in his
carry-on bag and the x-ray
revealed a lump so the tsa opened it up
and found a bag of crystal meth in the
burrito
some people wake up with coffee others
choose a burrito full of meth
who are we to judge i would smuggle my
meth in a cinnabon like you get a lot
more in
president biden over the weekend took
some time out to play golf is his first
round of golf
since taking office in january and of
course he was criticized for it even
though
by comparison at this stage of his
presidency trump had already logged 19
days on the golf course he was
essentially a player on the
senior pga tour who occasionally
violated the constitution but
this has got to be this is when trump is
most furious
that he's banned from twitter i mean the
chance to post an
almost unfathomably hypocritical tweet
criticizing biden for playing golf
one time after he basically spent his
entire presidency on the course
and after repeatedly attacking obama for
playing i mean it's literally
and figuratively teed up for him but
he's not able to do it
trump biden obama bush clinton all
golfers our last five presidents all
golfers
why do they all play golf what is it
wouldn't it be refreshing to
hear about the president unwinding with
a nice round of skee-ball for a change
you know as of today every american
who's 16 or older is eligible to get the
vaccine in every united states state
presidents are fighting and
obama appeared together in a
star-studded special on nbc last night
urging americans to get the shot almost
no one watched that special
uh had very low ratings why would we
already had a special to promote the
vaccine it's called the news
every day for the past 13 months
but lots of people including half of
republican men
just do not seem to get it which has
many people
including dr fauci confused on the one
hand they want to be relieved of the
restrictions
but on the other hand they don't want to
get vaccinated it just almost doesn't
make any sense
no more now we're supposed to make sense
when will this madman stop trying to
control us listen
let's call vaccine hesitancy what it
really is willful stupidity
and we've got a lot of it we've
which could mean a whole new round of
this virus so the white house is pulling
out all the stops to try to sell young
people
on getting their shots now that they're
eligible now part of that plan
is to put dr fauci on snapchat
i'm not kidding that's what better way
to get people vaccinated than
an 80 year old infectious disease
specialist vomiting rainbows
we all want normalcy in america the
highway
to that normalcy is vaccination
very similar to what israel has done and
is doing
we can get there and every single day
as we get three to four million people
vaccinated we get
closer and closer to that normalcy
see that's that's how you do it you know
dr fauci says
by fall we will find out whether or not
we'll need to get a third shot
a booster shot to protect against the
new variants of the
virus this vaccine is going to be like
the iphone there will be an update every
year and you're going to hate the
friends who get it before you
in order to stop covid i have a plan
guillermo okay okay all right now you
know a lot of guys don't want to get the
vaccine
yes yeah why do you think that is uh i
think
because they're afraid what i think
because they're afraid you think it's
because they're afraid
i don't yeah i don't think it's because
they're afraid well i'm not telling you
what i think
i think it's because it's a macho thing
they're like i don't need the vaccine
it's some sort of sign of weakness
i got it and i'm a martial
yeah i got it he's a matcha we got a
macho sitting right here on the school
i got a whole plate of machos over there
anyway i don't think a tv special or
putting dr fauci on snapchat
is going to do anything to convince
people who these men who don't want to
get the shot there's a lot of
disinformation out there
and i think the cdc should just stop
trying to appeal to common sense
and embrace the nonsense
hello i'm dr dan bedansky despite what
you may have read online the available
covet 19 vaccines are very safe and very
effective
but in some cases men who get the covet
19 vaccine
may experience side effects that result
in penile growth
to the tune of three four and in some
patients more than
five inches in other words whip it out
swing it around it's salami time
this has been a message from the united
states centers for disease control and
prevention
hanging low yo here you go
that's how you speak to men all right
thanks for watching remember every time
you click the subscribe button
one of your enemies gets destroyed